all right well I I just got my own
guardian I got it overnighted overnight
shipping for one-day shipping sock and
go ahead and have it installed for this
weekend see if everything's in here
wrapping the sheet of it got my stick I
got this on cover unit the song unit
color so it all mom it scratches on it I
don't here's the heck the X transducer
for the UM petrella motor that's house a
pretty good-sized purchased two hundred
fifty dollars power cable for the
trolling motor
on the trolling motor transducer adapter
ram mount and i bought extra on ball for
it one for the front one for the back so
all i have to do is just untwist a
little bit and it go on you're going
straight to should go real easy and work
it's more versatile so here it is the
hummingbird 788 see ya HD di combo the
internal gps on here i'm going to open
it up real quick be very gentle with it
I've been looking at on fish founders
for about two to three months I know I
want to down imaging but on went ahead
and I when God this one with an internal
GPS figured that I might be hit cupful
oh well um well this on unit cover I
read some reviews about it and they
didn't have them on it but now I guess
they just started doing this come with a
unit cover on it now sir that's good for
her number but not really for me because
i just spent fifty dollars extra but
that's alright i have an excellent see
just lid off this is it's got a 5-inch
screen turn on gps down imaging I'm to
SD cards on my window provides pro like
last week and I checked it out make sure
I got it before I ordered off the
internet but what's good this can't wait
to get on the water and show you how it
works so I'm checking with me I've in a
couple probably in five days and it
should be another video of how to work
it and I did some fishing videos too so
we just
come on go so mom the transducer power
cables transducer right here melody for
this is the manual for I definitely have
to watch it cause this thing's pretty
high pretty high tech check into DVD the
installing god this is just some extra
stuff that you can bond to it navionics
and on lake master so here's a quick
start guide so I'm here
transducer insert okay so that's my
review dumb check on me in about a week
and I should have it run in and um of
actual video so thanks for watching them
I'm pretty happy about this that